I am Fuku Saito, also known as Lady Kasuga.
Born in 1579 in Tanba, current day Kyoto. I
was a Japanese noble lady and politician from a
prominent Japanese samurai family of the Azuchi
Momoyama and Edo periods. I was the wet nurse
of the third Tokugawa shogun Iemitsu. Scholars
consider me as one of the best politicians in
the Edo period. I stood in front of negotiations
with the Imperial Court and contributed to
the stabilization of the Tokugawa Shogunate.
My birth family, the Saito clan, was a prestigious
warrior house that had served for generations as
deputy military governors of Mino province. My
clan fought with Mitsuhide against Nobunaga.
A war that my father paid his life for. I was
later raised by an aristocrat called Kinkuni
SANJONISHI. I was taught the arts of
calligraphy, waka poetry, and incense mixing.
I married Masanari who aided the victory of the
Tokugawa shogunate. I later became the wet nurse
of the legitimate son and heir of the second
shogun, Hidetada TOKUGAWA. It is said that my
excellent pedigree, aristocratic upbringing, and
my ex-husband Masanari's military exploits were
all positive factors in my selection as wet nurse.
I later became a full member of the aristocratic
Sanjonishi family. This allowed me to
have an audience with Emperor Gomizunoo,
and was subsequently awarded the name lady
Kasuga and given the Junior Third Rank at court,
and moreover was honored with sake given by the
emperor. I was later promoted to junior second
rank. I also established the women's quarters at
Edo Castle. In 1607, after Iemitsu became shōgun,
i became the senior ladyship. During my lifetime,
I had a fortune equivalent to over 100,000 koku.
I died in 1643 and my grave is in a temple in
Bunkyo, Tokyo. The Kasuga neighborhood of Bunkyo
takes its name from me. During my life, I
had formed numerous alliances with powerful
families and clans, introducing skilled people
to elites, helping many influencing people
rise to power and stabilizing the rule of the
shogunate during hard times. I hope this still
yields fruitfully and people still believe in the
power of connections and rightful empowerment.